Add `Resurrection Cup 2025 Results` news post (#13945)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-11-11-resurrection-cup-2025-results.md

---
layout: post
title: Resurrection Cup 2025 Results
date: 2025-11-11 18:00:00 +0000
---

> Intense matches, jaw-dropping highlights, and a vibrant production team working behind the scenes; this year's Resurrection Cup has proven to be one of the most exciting yet!

Reviewer: highlights... of the matches? i'm only seeing vods in the article

```suggestion
Intense matches, jaw-dropping music, and a vibrant production team working behind the scenes. This year's Resurrection Cup had all of this, making it one of the most exciting in the series!
```

![](/wiki/Tournaments/RESC/2025/img/banner.jpg)

> Let's dive into the results, highlights, and everything that made Resurrection Cup 2025: Regulus Revolution unforgettable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This was a tournament that was [announced back in in May](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2025-05-11-resurrection-cup-2025-registrations-now-open) and had its final match at the end of June. Especially for those who weren't there for the show, let's dive into the results, highlights, and everything that made *Resurrection Cup 2025: Regulus Revolution* unforgettable.
```

> ## Results

Reviewer: the results section has no text and the highlights don't start with any leading paragraphs. feels very jarring when reading through when there's nothing to tie together the intro and the specific match highlights

> ![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-11-11-resurrection-cup-2025-results/podium.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Ressurrection Cup 2025 podium](/wiki/shared/news/2025-11-11-resurrection-cup-2025-results/podium.jpg)
```

Despite *manie pls spaRE ME* reaching match point at 4–2, *esnupicore* mounted a comeback, led by ::{ flag=BR }:: [Kurumiw](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11415687)'s consistency on [Oceanus](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1871924#osu/3851547) (NM2) and a dominant [Braget](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1621901#osu/3311356) (DT2) pick that forced the tiebreaker. Riding early combo and accuracy leads, *esnupicore* held firm through constant pressure, closing out the reverse sweep 5–4 to secure their spot in the upper bracket of the Round of 16.

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/SUvLq2jobEs" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

> ### Round of 16: FIAT MULTIPLA vs nugroho and co

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Round of 16: FIAT MULTIPLA vs. nugroho and co
```

**[You can view the match information here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/118517694)**

> The Round of 16 clash between *FIAT MULTIPLA* and *nugroho and co* was a tense back-and-forth battle that went the full distance, with *FIAT MULTIPLA* emerging victorious 5-4 after a thrilling tiebreaker finish. The red team opened strong with commanding wins on [Far east nightbird](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/144171#osu/358272) (DT1) and [Lone Wanderer](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2392357#osu/5179439) (FM1), but *nugroho and co* struck back with decisive performances on [Romanesque](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1627446#osu/3322513) (NM2), [Dokuhai Swallow](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2392247#osu/5179205) (NM3), and [Cross Over](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1209029#osu/2517295) (HR1) to push the match to its limit. With standout plays from ::{ flag=AU }:: [JeffGlorpington](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7341183) and ::{ flag=AU }:: [aknzx](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9938943), *FIAT MULTIPLA* held steady under pressure and closed out the tiebreaker to advance to the upper bracket of the Quarterfinals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Round of 16 clash between *FIAT MULTIPLA* and *nugroho and co* was a tense back-and-forth battle that went the full distance, with *FIAT MULTIPLA* emerging victorious 5–4 after a thrilling tiebreaker finish. The red team opened strong with commanding wins on [Far east nightbird](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/144171#osu/358272) (DT1) and [Lone Wanderer](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2392357#osu/5179439) (FM1), but *nugroho and co* struck back with decisive performances on [Romanesque](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1627446#osu/3322513) (NM2), [Dokuhai Swallow](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2392247#osu/5179205) (NM3), and [Cross Over](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1209029#osu/2517295) (HR1) to push the match to its limit. With standout plays from ::{ flag=AU }:: [JeffGlorpington](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7341183) and ::{ flag=AU }:: [aknzx](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9938943), *FIAT MULTIPLA* held steady under pressure and closed out the tiebreaker to advance to the upper bracket of the Quarterfinals.
```

*Waddle Dee* only narrowly triumphed over their fellow Canadian rivals *Waddle Doo* in a 6–5 thriller that also went all the way to tiebreaker. Both teams traded blows throughout the set, with standout performances from ::{ flag=CA }:: [Zylice](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5033077), who nearly solo-carried [Shoujo Satori ~ Innumerable Eyes](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2027920#osu/4225817) (DT3), and ::{ flag=CA }:: [ploot](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7802400), whose consistency kept *Waddle Dee* alive through multiple clutch maps. Despite *Waddle Doo* reaching match point at 5–4, Waddle Dee held firm to force a final map and edged out the victory by just 20,000 points in a nail-biting finale.

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/JlR5i0-IASU" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

### Grand Finals & Grand Finals bracket reset: Monkey Business vs tarczynski esports

**[You can view the match information here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/118931798)**\
**[You can view the match information of the bracket reset here!](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/118932613)**

> The Grand Finals between *Monkey Business* and *tarczynski esports* was a nail-biting spectacle that delivered non-stop action across two sets. In the first set, ::{ flag=GB }:: [Bubbleman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5182050) took the crucial [Terminal](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2414185#osu/5245140) (HD3) breakpoint for *Monkey Business*, while ::{ flag=TR }:: [Raikouhou](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8007528) stepped up with an incredible 800k score on [The Agony & The Ecstasy](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2414092#osu/5244932) (DT1), helping to tie the series 5-5 in a tense back-and-forth. However, ::{ flag=PL }:: [MALISZEWSKI](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12408961)'s dominant 600k performance on the last pick of [Jiyuu no Koe](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2414021#osu/5244684) (HR1)  pulled a lot of weight for *tarczynski esports*, allowing them to clinch the final two maps and win the set 7-5, forcing a bracket reset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Grand Finals between *Monkey Business* and *tarczynski esports* was a nail-biting spectacle that delivered non-stop action across two sets. In the first set, ::{ flag=GB }:: [Bubbleman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5182050) took the crucial [Terminal](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2414185#osu/5245140) (HD3) breakpoint for *Monkey Business*, while ::{ flag=TR }:: [Raikouhou](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8007528) stepped up with an incredible 800k score on [The Agony & The Ecstasy](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2414092#osu/5244932) (DT1), helping to tie the series 5-5 in a tense back-and-forth. However, ::{ flag=PL }:: [MALISZEWSKI](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12408961)'s dominant 600k performance on the last pick of [Jiyuu no Koe](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2414021#osu/5244684) (HR1)  pulled a lot of weight for *tarczynski esports*, allowing them to clinch the final two maps and win the set 7–5, forcing a bracket reset.
```

| [![YouTube](/wiki/shared/link/YouTube.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RyFRLPN1qoA "YouTube") | Xyris & Kagetora. feat. Ethereal\_Winter - Rigid Memory | [![#1](/wiki/shared/link/Link.png)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2414048) | Grand Finals tiebreaker |

## Serenity and… Regulus?

![](/wiki/shared/news/2025-11-11-resurrection-cup-2025-results/regulus.jpg)

It's no secret that our tournament tries it's best to incorporate a somewhat-comprehensible side story of some sort. Last year, Serenity has sat down a legendary object called "The Throne" — represented in Yumeyo's map background drawing of [N_dog feat. quu-zie - Delusions](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2219285). This ultimately granted her powers at the cost of slowly corroding the heavens away. Regulus came into play as she wants to prevent that, understandably so. However, due to Serenity's own ego, she refused to listen to Regulus and instead went against her head-on.

This story is also visible in the graphic design, or so we'd like to think. Let's recap the story over the past couple years to see how far we've come:

> - In 2022, the devastating apocalypse was in fact the same corrosion that the heavens are going through as we speak.

Reviewer: this "apocalypse" wasn't mentioned before

```suggestion
- In 2022, a devastating apocalypse took place, which turns out to be the same corrosion that the heavens are going through as we speak.
```

- In 2023, we see the process of reality being reshaped in order for a new timeline to start over from scratch.

> - In 2024, it is the beginning of Serenity's "new" journey. Last year may not have been the sole "second chance" players got.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In 2024, Serenity begins a "new" journey. Last year may not have been the sole "second chance" players got.
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12840110" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/Phreel-2.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12840110">Phreel</a></p>

You've finally got a ResCup Grandfinals Tiebreaker to work on, what were your initial thoughts about [Rigid Memory](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2414048)? Was it hard meeting the 9-star threshold?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11681430" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/avatars/Yumerios.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11681430">Yumerios</a></p>

I think I expected something... different ? But it ended up being way better than everything I could imagine, like this song was so good and gave me such a big flow of ideas on how I could map it. I really am proud of the final result, huge thanks to everyone involved in the song.

> Only thing I would've wanted is for something that had a bit of a higher bpm, because I was not sure before the very end of the map that I was gonna hit the 9-stars threshold. Not a big deal tho.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only thing I would've wanted is for something that had a bit of a higher bpm, because I was not sure before the very end of the map that I was gonna hit the 9-star threshold. Not a big deal tho.
```
